Oh, it's you couldn't get me in trouble that
someone could hear me.
I wish someone wanted to hear me other than
you.
OK. I know I'm not supposed to love music,
no music, no music.
But my great grandma, Cukor's father, was
the greatest musician of all time, but it
needs to relax.
One day he left with his guitar and never
returned.
My family thinks music is a curse.
Great great grandfather.
None of them understand me.
I'm supposed to play music, all right, who's
in there?
I'm sorry, what's going on?
Do you mind? No.
Welcome to the Land of the Dead.
You got to stay with me. Boy, this isn't a
change in your Aurélio.
Agents at the Department of Family Reunions
are available to assist you.
Please be on the lookout for a living we
gave you here.
We're your family, your.
I know your great great grandfather.
I'll get you to him. What are you doing?
I'm working like a skeleton.
No, skeletons don't work like that.
That's how you walk.
No, I don't. When there's no one left in the
living world who remembers you, you disappear
from this world, but you can change that.
We got to find my cricket, grandpa.
You've got to do it by sunrise.
What happens at sunrise?
You'll be stuck here forever.
Brad Oh.
I'm a big fan.
Never forget how much your family loves
your.
One cannot deny what is meant to be.
So I am terribly allergic to it that it
doesn't have any hair and I don't have a
nose. And yet here we are.